Setting up infrastructure for documentation and jupyterlite (#82)
holoviz/holonote: doc/apps/index.md

# Apps

> Will give you examples of how to integrate holonote in your apps with the use of the rest of the HoloViz ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples of how to apply HoloNote with other tools from the HoloViz ecosystem to build applications that include annotations.
```
